aap-14811 Added modules for section 4.5 (#812)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/aap-hardening/ref-specifying-package-versions.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// downstream/assemblies/assembly-aap-security-use-cases.adoc

[id="ref-specifying-package-versions_{context}"]

= Specifying package versions

[role="_abstract"]

> For production systems, it is a well-established configuration management practice to deploy only known, tested combinations of software in order to ensure that systems are configured correctly and perform as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production systems, it is a well-established configuration management practice to deploy only known, tested combinations of software to ensure that systems are configured correctly and perform as expected.
```

This includes deploying only known versions of operating system software and patches to ensure that system updates do not introduce problems with production applications.

> The following example playbook will install a specific version of the httpd RPM and its dependencies when the target host uses the RHEL 9 operating system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example playbook installs a specific version of the `httpd` RPM and its dependencies when the target host uses the RHEL 9 operating system. 
```
